Track 05.08
Receptionist: Good morning.
Can I help?
Harry: Hi.
I’d like a hotel room for the weekend.
Receptionist: Well,
there are a lot of different hotels
and they have different prices.
Harry: I’d like a room for one person
near the beach.
Receptionist: Hmm, it’s summer
and there aren’t a lot of free rooms.
The Hotel Casa is near the beach.
They have rooms with baths for $160 a day
and breakfast is free. The rooms have TVs and free wi-fi,
and there’s a good restaurant in the hotel.
Harry: It’s very expensive
and I don’t have a lot of money.
Receptionist: Well, there’s the City Hostel
near the station. The rooms are small,
but they’re clean
and a room for one person
is only $40.
Harry: That’s cheap.
Receptionist: Yes, it is.
There are showers in all the rooms
and wi-fi in the café on the ground floor,
but you have to pay for the wi-fi.
A lot of backpackers stay there
and it’s very friendly.
Harry: Is there a restaurant?
Receptionist: No, there isn’t.
But there’s a café and there are
two supermarkets near the hostel.
Harry: OK.
Receptionist: Do you want me
to phone the hostel?
Harry: Yes, please.